This file documents the Grand OAF Database Query Language.

	Constants:
Strings: As in SQL, delimited by single quotes. Example: 'mystring'

Stringvs (string arrays): A comma-separated list of strings, surrounded by square brackets. Example: ['red','blue']

Numbers: Floating point decimals. (aka "whatever atof() accepts" :)

Booleans: TRUE or FALSE (other common boolean value identifiers also accepted, but not encouraged).

	Field identifiers:

Names of fields are attributes of a ServerInfo record. These include
'type', 'location_info', and 'iid', even though these are explicitly
stored instead of just other attributes.

A number of pseudo-fields are also available, all prefaced with an underscore:
	_hostname - The host that an implementation is/would be hosted on (string)
	_username - The user that an implementation is/would be running as (string)
	_domain - The activation domain (string)
	_active - Whether the server is currently running (string)

	Variables:

Variables are various miscellaneous data items that are part of the
environment. The syntax for referring to a variable is a '$' sign
followed by the variable name. The following variables are available:

$hostname - the hostname that the requesting client is running on.
$domain - the "domain" that the client is requesting activation in.

	Functions:

Functions perform transformations on data and return a result. There are two possible syntaxes for a function call:
	funcname(arguments)
	field.funcname(other-arguments...)

Internally, 'field.funcname(other-arguments...)' is translated to be
exactly the same as 'funcname(field, other-arguments)', so
'priority.max()' is exactly the same as 'max(priority)'. The following functions are available:

has_field(string)
   Returns a boolean value that indicates whether the current record has a particular field.

has_one(stringv1, stringv2)
   Returns a boolean value that indicates whether any of the strings
   in the 'stringv2' array are contained in the 'stringv1' array.

has_all(stringv1, stringv2)
   Returns a boolean value that indicates whether all of the strings
   in the 'stringv2' array are contained in the 'stringv1' array.

has(stringv, string)
   Returns a boolean value that indicates whether 'string' is contained in the 'stringv' array.

max(expr)
   Evaluates 'expr' over all the available server information records in the database, and returns
   the maximum value as dictated by the normal sort order for the data type of 'expr'.
   This function is not valid for string vectors.

min(expr)
   As with the 'max' function, but finds the minimum value.

Function names are case insensitive.

	Operators:

	Example queries: